DataFlow: Support stateless `isSink` in `StateConfigSig`s (#13851)
github/codeql: shared/dataflow/change-notes/2023-08-02-dataflow-isSink.md

---
category: feature
---

> * The `StateConfigSig` signature now supports an `isSink/1` predicate that does not specify the `FlowState` for which the given node is a sink. Instead, any `FlowState` is considered a valid `FlowState` for the sink.

Reviewer: I think this is slightly clearer:
```suggestion
* The `StateConfigSig` signature now supports a unary `isSink` predicate that does not specify the `FlowState` for which the given node is a sink. Instead, any `FlowState` is considered a valid `FlowState` for such a sink.
```
